ATR-486: release notes for 2.1.2 added (#321)
Acumatica/Acuminator: docs/ReleaseNotes.md

# Acuminator Release Notes
This document provides information about fixes, enhancements, and key features that are available in Acuminator.

## Acuminator 2.1.2
Acuminator 2.1.2 includes the bug fixes described in this section, as well as the features that have been implemented in previous versions.

### Fixed Bugs
In this version of Acuminator, the following bugs have been fixed:

> - Diagnostic suppression was not supported for interfaces, structs, enumerations, and delegates.

Reviewer: @k-s-popova it wasn't supported only for suppression with suppression file. I think it's better specify this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Diagnostic suppression with suppression file was not supported for interfaces, structs, enumerations, and delegates.
```

- The [PX1005](diagnostics/PX1005.md) diagnostic could be incorrectly displayed for data view delegates that have corresponding data views.

> - The [PX1032](diagnostics/PX1032.md) diagnostic was incorrectly displayed for extension methods in DACs.

Reviewer: Imho "for extension method calls in DACs"  sounds a little better
```suggestion
- The [PX1032](diagnostics/PX1032.md) diagnostic was incorrectly displayed for extension method calls in DACs.
```
